README.md, before:

# patch-tag

Tags [depject](https://github.com/depject/depject) plugin for [secure scuttlebutt](https://github.com/ssbc/secure-scuttlebutt) which uses [patchcore](https://github.com/ssbc/patchcore).

`gives` observables and async methods for getting and publishing tags on secure scuttlebutt.

## Needs

```js
exports.needs = nest({
  'sbot.async.publish': 'first',
  'sbot.pull.stream': 'first',
})
```

## Gives

```js
exports.gives = nest({
  'tag.async': [
    'apply',
    'create',
    'name'
  ],
  'tag.obs': [
    'taggedMessages',
    'messageTags',
    'allTagsFrom',
    'allTags'
  ]
})
```

## Message Schema

```js
{
  type: 'tag',
  tagged: true | false,
  message: %msg_id, //the message being tagged
  root: %tag_id, //unless this message is the first message in this tag
  branch: %tag_id //ditto
}
```

## API

### tag.async.create({}, cb)

Creates a new tag message and calls cb when done.

### tag.async.apply({ tag, message, tagged }, cb)

Creates a new tag message which applies the tag `tag` to the message `message` if `tagged` is `true`. (TODO: default tagged to true)

- `tag` (required) - id of tag being applied
- `message` (required) - id of message being tagged
- `tagged` (required) - `true` if tag is being added, `false` if tag is being removed

### tag.async.name({ tag, name }, cb)

Sets the name of a tag and calls cb when done.

- `tag` (required) - id of tag being named
- `name` (required) - name being applied to the tag

### tag.obs.taggedMessages(author, tagId)

Returns a [Mutant](https://github.com/mmckegg/mutant) observable array of ids of messages. This array is messages that have had the tag `tagId` applied by `author`.

### tag.obs.messageTags(msgId, tagId)

Returns a Mutant observable dictionary of user ids to timestamps. This dictionary is users that have applied tag `tagId` to message `msgId` at the specified time.

### tag.obs.allTagsFrom(author)

Returns a Mutant observable array of all tag messages published by an user.

Commit message:

Change name to scuttle-tag, update docs

README.md, after:

# scuttle-tag

Tags [depject](https://github.com/depject/depject) plugin for [secure scuttlebutt](https://github.com/ssbc/secure-scuttlebutt) which uses [patchcore](https://github.com/ssbc/patchcore).

`gives` observables and async methods for getting and publishing tags on secure scuttlebutt.

## Needs

```js
exports.needs = nest({
  'sbot.async.publish': 'first',
  'sbot.pull.stream': 'first',
})
```

## Gives

```js
exports.gives = nest({
  'tag.async': [
    'apply',
    'create',
    'name'
  ],
  'tag.html': [
    'edit',
    'tag'
  ],
  'tag.obs': [
    'tag',
    'taggedMessages',
    'messageTags',
    'messageTagsFrom',
    'allTagsFrom',
    'allTags'
  ]
})
```

## Message Schema

```js
{
  type: 'tag',
  tagged: true | false,
  message: %msg_id, //the message being tagged
  root: %tag_id, //unless this message is the first message in this tag
  branch: %tag_id //ditto
}
```

## API

### tag.async.create({}, cb)

Creates a new tag message and calls cb when done.

### tag.async.apply({ tag, message, tagged }, cb)

Creates a new tag message which applies the tag `tag` to the message `message` if `tagged` is `true`. (TODO: default tagged to true)

- `tag` (required) - id of tag being applied
- `message` (required) - id of message being tagged
- `tagged` (required) - `true` if tag is being added, `false` if tag is being removed

### tag.async.name({ tag, name }, cb)

Sets the name of a tag and calls cb when done.

- `tag` (required) - id of tag being named
- `name` (required) - name being applied to the tag

### tag.html.edit({ msgId }, cb)

Renders html which allows the tags applied to a message `msgId` to be edited.

### tag.html.tag({ tagName, tagId }, handleRemove)

Renders a tag. If the `handleRemove` function is specified then a remove button will be rendered.

### tag.obs.tag(tagId)

Returns a [Mutant](https://github.com/mmckegg/mutant) observable Struct which represents a tag. This struct holds the `tagId` and `tagName`.

### tag.obs.taggedMessages(author, tagId)

Returns a Mutant observable array of ids of messages. This array is messages that have had the tag `tagId` applied by `author`.

### tag.obs.messageTags(msgId)

Returns a Mutant observable list of tagIds which have been applied to the message `msgId`.

### tag.obs.messageTagsFrom(msgId, author)

Returns a Mutant observable list of tagIds which have been applied to the message `msgId` by the specified `author`.

### tag.obs.allTagsFrom(author)

Returns a Mutant observable array of all tag messages published by an user.
